hey guys how's it going Andre here and I
am bringing you one more video today I'm
going to show you how you can change on
fraps how you can change the microphone
you want to use to record first of all
it's nothing to do with the actual fraps
program what we want to do is go to the
Start menu from here what you want to go
to control panel once this is opened up
go into hardware and sound after you go
go there go to sound and then go to
manage audio devices from here you'll
get this little screen thingy from here
you want to go to recording now if
anything else is set like for example if
this was set for you what we want to do
is find the one you want to set and
click on and click on set default right
here I already did that so it's checked
off right here and then if you want to
change the if you want to change the the
volume of your microphone of what
everyone record with I click on that
microphone and then go to properties
from your color levels and here you can
change how high or how low your
microphone quality can be so for example
if I turn it down it's gonna be really
quiet as you can see right here it's
really quiet but if I turn it back up
its really loud and you can change all
this advanced stuff and bla bla bla bla
bla bla and here if you want to hear how
your audio how your device works you
just click on listen to this device and
click apply from here you'll hear an
echo in your voice which is kind of your
recording so it's kind of weird but it
gives you an echo of of your voice say
you can see
yeah the how louder how quiet is so
that's kind of weird so from there you
just click on ok and this one should be
the bar on how high or low it is so if I
yell really loud in two it should be up
here and if I talk like Wyatt Lee it
should be down here so yeah and you just
click OK and when you go to back to
fraps this will be the automatic device
that you okay you will be using right
here and that's when you that's when you
that's when you can record that using
that one audio device thanks for
watching guys I hope this video was
really helpful
it took me a while to figure out how to
do this but anyway thanks for watching
and I hope and I'll see you guys later
on whatever I make